LANDING PAGE
I want a landing page for an online examination management system, I want it in three divisions. The top division should be a navigation pane, there should be a log in button at the right side of this pane, at the left side, there should be a logo that can be replaced with my school’s logo. And at the center of this pane, I want the name of the school written in bold.
The middle pane/division should hold a bold sign up button. And the lower pane/division should hold an about section, describing the function of the online examination management system.

LOGIN PAGE
The login page has the logo of the university on the right side of the webpage header , with the name of the university aligned in the middle with a sub-header of the system name and a signup button at the left corner of the header.
A form labeled "Login" with requirement as follows , email/username ,Id number, password, with a log in button at the bottom and a forgot password link below.
And a footer with names of three developers and below the names is the year and copyright text.

I want this login page updated, such that when a user clicks on the login button after keying in their credentials, a check will be run in the database with name "project". The database has three tables; Students, Lecturers, Administrators. When the login button is clicked, the system should scan through the database for the table holding the entered email address. When found, the id number should be confirmed for the particular user, and the password (hashed) should also be confirmed againt the hashed password of the user stored in the database. Based on the identity of the user (Student, Lecturer or Administrator), one of the following should be loaded, StudentProfile.html, LecturerProfile.html, AdministratorProfile.html, having passed the credentials of the user logging in to it.

SIGNUP PAGE
I want a signup page for an examination management system. I want it in three divisons. The header consists of UENR logo on the left side, the middle pane should have the name of the school and title of the project and the right side should have the login button.
A form labeled "signup" with requirement as follows: name, date of birth, email, and "category" with requirements student, lecturer and administrator. 
When student is selected it should have requirement as follows: level, school, program, id and password.
When lecturer is selected it should have requirement as follows: school, id and password.
When an administratoris selected it should have requirement as follows: an id and password.
And footer with copyright symbol, year , name of the school and copyright text.

I want a signup page for an examination management system. It should have three divisions; header, body and footer. The header should have a logo on the left, the name of the university in the center, and a login button on the right. The middle/ body section should hold a floating signup form taking the following credentials; Name, Date of Birth, Email, Three radio buttoned options from which one can be selected; Student, Lecturer, Administrator. Based on the selected option, the following credentials should appear for onward filling by the user;
If Student is selected; Level (with drop down options – Level 100, Level 200, Level 300, Level 400), School (with drop down options – Sciences, Engineering, Agriculture and technology,  Geosciences, Graduate Studies, Natural Resources, Mines and Built Environment, Arts and Social Sciences, Energy), based on the school selected the following programs should be available in drop down for selection, "SCIENCES": ["Diploma Statistics (Regular/Weekend)", "Diploma Information Technology", "Diploma Computer Science", "BSc. Biological Science", "BSc. Medical Laboratory Sciences", "BSc. Nursing", "BSc. Chemistry", "BSc. Computer Science (Regular/Weekend)",  "BSc. Information Technology (Regular/Weekend)", "BSc. Actuarial Science (Regular/Weekend)", "BSc. Statistics (Regular/Weekend)", "BSc. Mathematics (Regular/Weekend)", "BSc. Biochemistry"], "ENGINEERING": ["BSc. Agricultural Engineering", "BSc. Computer Engineering", "BSc. Electrical and Electronic Engineering [Regular/Weekend]", "BSc. Environmental Engineering", "BSc. Mechanical Engineering [Regular/Weekend]", "BSc. Civil Engineering [Regular/Weekend"], "AGRICULTURE AND TECHNOLOGY": ["BSc. Agriculture", "BSc. Agribusiness", "BSc. Food Technology", "BSc. Agricultural Resource and Economics"], "GEOSCIENCES": ["Diploma Geo-Information Science", "Diploma Geomatics","BSc. Geomatics", "BSc. Planning and Sustainability", "BSc. Applied Meteorology and Climate Science", "BSc. Geoinformation Science", "BSc. Geo-Environmental Science", "BSc. Climate Change and Sustainability"], "GRADUATE STUDIES": ["MSc./PhD Sustainable Energy Management", "MSc./PhD Environmental Engineering Management", "MPhil/PhD Social Forestry and Environmental Governance", "MSc./MPhil/PhD Environment", "Water and Sustainability", "MBA/MPhil/PhD Crop Science", "MSc./MPhil/PhD Computer Science", "MPhil. Applied Mathematics", "MSc./MPhil Environmental Planning and Development", "MBA/MPhil Agribusiness Management", "MSc./MPhil Climate Change", "MSc./MPhil Geoinformation Science", "MSc./MPhil Land Degradation Neutrality", "PhD Sustainable Land Management", "MSc./MPhil. Animal Production", "MPhil. Chemistry", "MPhil. Environment Science", "MSc. Sustainable Mining"], "NATURAL RESOURCES": ["Diploma Natural Resources Management", "Diploma Fire, Safety and Disaster Management", "BSc. Natural Resources","BSc. Hospitality Management", "BSc. Aquaculture and Aquatic Resource Management", "BSc. Fire, Safety and Disaster Management"], "MINES AND BUILT ENVIRONMENT": ["BSc. Sustainable Mining", "BSc. Sustainable Land Management"], "ARTS AND SOCIAL SCIENCES": ["BSc. Entrepreneurial Management", "BSc. Accounting", "BSc. Economics", "BA Professional French"], "ENERGY": ["BSc. Petroleum Engineering", "BSc. Renewable Energy Engineering"], then an id number and password should be taken.
If Lecturer is selected; School (with drop down options – Sciences, Engineering, Agriculture and technology,  Geosciences, Graduate Studies, Natural Resources, Mines and Built Environment, Arts and Social Sciences, Energy), then an id number and password should be taken.
If Administrator is selected; id number and password should be taken.
The form should have a signup button that submits when all spaces are filled.
The footer of this page should hold the names of the developers.

ADMIN PROFILE
I need an administrator’s dashboard for an online examination management system, which will be assessed when a user logs in with administrator credentials and they are confirmed accurate. The page should assess the ‘administrators ‘table of ‘project’ database and get the details of the logging in administrator. The page should have three divisions; header, main and footer. 
The header should have a logo on the left side, name of my school in the center and a logout button on the right side (when clicked should send the user to the login page, ‘login.html’, and the back button of the browser shouldn’t be able to assess the dashboard again, rather require that the login credentials are inputted first).
The main section should have five tabs (Personal Details, Generate IDs, Members, Feedback, Backup Data) vertically aligned on the left side of this section. A click on a tab should reveal its content to the remaining space on the right side of the section with the ‘Personal Details’ tab as the default reveal, and upon page refresh, the ‘Personal Details’ tab should be revealed.
The Personal Details tab should have this content (assessed from the database); User Type: (Administrator), Name: (Name of User), Email: (Email of user), Date of Birth: (Date of Birth of user). There should be an ‘edit’ button under these details, which when clicked, opens a pop up window that allows one to edit their details (Name, Email, Date of Birth) and update same in the database with the click of a save button. 
The Generate IDs tab should have this content (assessed from the randstu, randlec and randadmin tables of ‘project’ database); A table of three columns (Student IDs, Lecturer IDs, Administrator IDs), containing random IDs that are stored in the randstu, randlec and randadmin tables of the project database respectively. There should be a feature that allows the deletion of any of the IDs from any of the columns and subsequently from the database. There should be a feature that generates random alphanumeric IDs and stores them in a column specified from a drop down menu available when a Generate button is clicked, and subsequently store them in the respective table in the database.
The Members tab should have this content; there should be three different tables, Administrators, Lecturers and Students, each with five columns (Name, DOB, Department or email (for Administrators Table), ID, Action) filled with data from the administrators, lecturers and students tables respectively. The Action Column should have a button that deletes a user from the database.
The Feedback tab should have this content; there should be a user’s section that holds the names of all students and lecturers available in the ‘project’ database (from ‘students’ and ‘lecturers’ tables). Each name should be a button which when clicked, loads the chat of the particular user with all administrators onto another section (Conversation section) in the same space (from the ‘chats’ table). There should also be a last section that allows the typing of message with a send button attached, which when clicked, stores the message in the ‘chat’ table of the database after updating the conversation section.
The ‘Backup Data’ tab should have this content; there should be a drop down button that allows one to select any of these; Lecturer’s Data, Student’s Data, Administrators Data, Questions and Chats. Upon Selection, there should be an ‘Upload’ button which when clicked, assesses the ‘project’ database and creates an sql file of the lecturers, students, administrators, questions or chats table respectively and upload them to google drive. 
The footer should hold the names of the site developers.

LECTURER PROFILE
I need a lecturer’s dashboard for an online examination management system, which will be assessed when a user logs in with lecturer credentials and they are confirmed accurate. The page should assess the ‘lecturers’ table of ‘project’ database and get the details of the logging in lecturer. The page should have three divisions; header, main and footer. 
The header should have a logo on the left side, name of my school in the center and a logout button on the right side (when clicked should send the user to the login page, ‘login.html’, and the back button of the browser shouldn’t be able to assess the dashboard again, rather require that the login credentials are inputted first).
The main section should have four tabs (Personal Details, Questions, Results, Feedback) vertically aligned on the left side of this section. A click on a tab should reveal its content to the remaining space on the right side of the section with the ‘Personal Details’ tab as the default reveal, and upon page refresh, the ‘Personal Details’ tab should be revealed.
The Personal Details tab should have this content (assessed from the database); User Type: (Lecturer), Name: (Name of User), Email: (Email of user), Date of Birth: (Date of Birth of user). There should be an ‘edit’ button under these details, which when clicked, opens a pop up window that allows one to edit their details (Name, Email, Date of Birth) and update same in the database with the click of a save button. 
The Questions tab should have this content; there should be a ‘choose file’ feature that allows the signed in lecturer to choose a .txt file after an alphanumeric course id has been entered into an available text box. There should be an upload button, which when clicked extracts the content of the file (question by question, together with their possible answers) and stores in the ‘questions’ table of the ‘project’ database, together with the entered exam id. (The .txt file will have a question per line, ending each question with a question mark, and with four possible answers, A to D, typed between ‘//’, the correct answer will also be stored by its Alphabet in the fifth ‘//’). There should also be a questions table in this space, with eight columns (Question No. , Question, Option A, Option B, Option C, Option D, Answer, Action), this table should be populated based on the exam id entered into another text box after a ‘populate’ button has been clicked (the system should assess the database and retrieve all questions bearing the entered exam id). The action column should hold two buttons, delete and edit. Where the delete button removes the particular question from the system and the edit button allows the particular question to be edited in a pop up window and saved at the click of a save button. 
The Results tab should have this content; there should be a text box that accepts an alphanumeric exam id, and at the click of a ‘View’ button, the system should assess the ‘results’ table of the ‘project’ database and populate the results of all students for that particular exam into a three column (student id, student name, result) table. On refresh, the table should vanish until an exam id is re-entered.
The Feedback tab should have this content; there should be a user’s section that holds the names of all students and administrators available in the ‘project’ database (from ‘students’ and ‘administrators’ tables). Each name should be a button which when clicked, loads the chat between the logged in user and the particular user whose name has been clicked, onto another section (Conversation section) in the same space (from the ‘chats’ table). There should also be a last section that allows the typing of message, with a ‘send’ button attached, which when clicked, stores the message in the ‘chat’ table of the database after updating the conversation section.
The footer should hold the names of the site developers.


****HOLDS****
Compare the two signups and align the second with a signup.php
Create a three new tables RandStu, RandLec, RandAdmin, in 'project' database that generates random id numbers for students, lecturers and administrators respectively...

Update the new signup.php to run the id of the signing up user against the following tables in the database; randstu, randlec, randadmin. It is to ensure that the entered id corresponds to the identity (student, lecturer, admin) specified by the signing up user, doing so by ensuring that if a user is signing up as a Student, Lecturer or Administrator, the provided id is present specifically in the randstu, randlec or randadmin table respectively, otherwise an alert of incorrect id should be sent..

